Continuous Alternatives CarPlay selection and callouts (#3956)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `layerPosition` parameter to the `NavigationMapView.show(_:layerPosition:legIndex:)` method for controlling the position of the main route layer while presenting routes. ([#3897](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3897))
* Fixed an issue where camera kept receiving updates even after stopping `MapboxNavigationService`. ([#3928](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3928))
* Added `NavigationViewController.showsContinuousAlternatives` and `CarPlayNavigationViewController.showsContinuousAlternatives` flags to toggle displaying alternative route's lines during navigation session. Use `NavigationMapView.show(continuousAlternatives:)` and `NavigationMapView.removeContinuousAlternativesRoutes()` methods for fine control over displayed routes. ([#3850](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3850))

> * Added `NavigationMapView.showsContinuousAlternativeRoutesRelativeDuration` flag to control displaying map callouts for continuous alternative routes duration delta relative to the current main one. ([#3956](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3956))

Reviewer: This property is true by default, so the developer only needs to know about it if they don’t want this behavior.

```suggestion
* Each alternative route shown during turn-by-turn navigation is now annotated with the amount of time it saves or adds to the trip. To hide these annotations, set the `NavigationMapView.showsRelativeDurationOnAlternativeRoutes` property to `false`. ([#3956](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3956))
```

### CarPlay

* Fixed an issue where route shields disappeared when the user enters a tunnel. ([#3882](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3882))
* The map automatically chooses the night style when "Always Show Dark Maps" is enabled in the Appearance section of Settings. ([#3882](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3882))
* Renamed the `VisualInstruction.carPlayManeuverLabelAttributedText(bounds:shieldHeight:window:)` to the `VisualInstruction.carPlayManeuverLabelAttributedText(bounds:shieldHeight:window:traitCollection:instructionLabelType:)` to have the ability to change color of the shield icons depending on provided trait collection. ([#3882](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3882))
* Fixed an issue where a `StyleManager` for CarPlay would update the appearance on both CarPlay and the iOS device simultaneously. ([#3914](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3914))

> * Added UI for switching to alternative routes while in navigation. ([#3956](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3956))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* During the navigating activity, the user can tap the Alternatives button in the navigation bar to switch to an alternative route. ([#3956](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3956))
```
